# SEAMLESS-IMAGE-RESTORATION-USING-INPAINTING-ALGORITHM
An implementation of a tool for inpainting selected regions from an image has been developed. When processing images with a large defect area, the deep learning based image inpainting method currently has a better inpainting effect than conventional methods, but the inpainting results still suffer from issues like local structure disorder and blurred texture.An edge and feature self-arrangement based second order generative image inpainting model is suggested. The edge repair network generates edges in the defect area in accordance with the known information of the image, and improves the edge repair effect by minimizing adversarial loss and feature matching loss. The model is composed of two parts: an edge repair network and an image repair network based on the self-encoder.As a result of the edge repair, the image inpainting network fills the defective area. The most reasonable candidate patch is chosen by means of the Structural Similarity Index Measure (SSIM). When pasting the patch to fill the target region, graph cut technology is used to eliminate blockiness. Applications of this technique include the restoration of old photographs and damaged film removal of superimposed text like dates, subtitles etc,. and the removal of entire objects from the image like microphones or wires in special effects. Compared with the state of the art repair algorithm, the experimental results prove that the proposed repair algorithm can repair the image very well.
